Feature/readme cmaf (#36)
qualabs/common-media-library: lib/src/cmaf/README.md

## Features 

* Fundamental on-demand conversion between [HLS] and [DASH] manifests, covering transformations such as HLS to HAM, HAM to HLS, DASH to HAM, and HAM to DASH.
* Elementary Media Presentation querying functionality.

## Usage 

Here's a sample demonstration illustrating how to utilize the features of the CMAF HAM module in TypeScript:

```typescript
import {
  hamToHls,
  hamToDash,
  hlsToHam,
  dashToHam,
} from "@svta/common-media-library";

// Parse from DASH format
const parseFromDash = (input: string) => {
  const hamObj = mpdToHam(input); // Convert input to HAM object
  const hlsManifest = hamToHls(hamObj); // Convert HAM object to HLS manifest
  const dashManifest = hamToDash(hamObj); // Convert HAM object to DASH manifest
};

// Parse from HLS format
const parseFromHls = (main: string, playlists: string[]) => {
  const hamObj = hlsToHam(main, playlists); // Convert HLS to HAM object
  const hlsManifest = hamToHls(hamObj); // Convert HAM object to HLS manifest
  const dashManifest = hamToDash(hamObj); // Convert HAM object to DASH manifest

> };

Reviewer: Same as previous comment, remove the arrow function (it's weird) and define the variables with complete names.

Probably creating a new code block to define the hls functions, so the name of the variables can be repeated

Author: I replaced arrow functions, let me know if it makes sense for you the way it is right now

# CMAF HAM 

## Overview 

HLS and DASH stand as the predominant video streaming technologies currently. Consequently, users often encounter challenges such as converting between HLS and DASH, manipulating manifests, and programmatically understanding manifest structures.

The Common Media Application Format (CMAF) for segmented media (ISO/IEC 23000-19) addresses these challenges by defining a universal format based on ISOBMFF. Additionally, it introduces the Hypothetical Application Model, a framework illustrating the practical usage of CMAF segments and fragments in streaming applications. This project is inspired by the principles outlined in the CMAF standard and the [Hypothetical Application Model] ([Hypothetical Application Model](https://cdn.cta.tech/cta/media/media/resources/standards/cta-5005-a-final.pdf)).

## Features 

* Fundamental on-demand conversion between [HLS] and [DASH] manifests, covering transformations such as HLS to HAM, HAM to HLS, DASH to HAM, and HAM to DASH.
* Elementary Media Presentation querying functionality.
* Validation of tracks for enhanced integrity assurance.

## Usage 

> Here's a sample demonstration illustrating how to utilize the features of the CMAF HAM module in TypeScript:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a simple demonstration illustrating how to use the features of the CMAF HAM module in TypeScript:

```

```typescript
import {
  hamToHls,
  hamToDash,
  hlsToHam,
  dashToHam,
  Presentation,
  getTracksFromPresentation,
  validateTracks,
} from "@svta/common-media-library";

// Parse from DASH format

> const parseFromDash = (input: string) => {
>   const hamObj = mpdToHam(input); // Convert input to HAM object
>   const hlsManifest = hamToHls(hamObj); // Convert HAM object to HLS manifest
>   const dashManifest = hamToDash(hamObj); // Convert HAM object to DASH manifest
> };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const originalDashManifest = fetchManifest();

const hamObject = dashToHam(originalDashManifest); // Converts Dash manifest to HAM Object

const hlsManifest = hamToHls(hamObject); // Convert HAM object to HLS manifest
const dashManifest = hamToDash(hamObject); // Convert HAM object to DASH manifest

...
```

The Common Media Application Format (CMAF) for segmented media (ISO/IEC 23000-19) addresses these challenges by defining a universal format based on ISOBMFF. Additionally, it introduces the Hypothetical Application Model, a framework illustrating the practical usage of CMAF segments and fragments in streaming applications. This project is inspired by the principles outlined in the CMAF standard and the [Hypothetical Application Model] ([Hypothetical Application Model](https://cdn.cta.tech/cta/media/media/resources/standards/cta-5005-a-final.pdf)).

## Features 

* Fundamental on-demand conversion between [HLS] and [DASH] manifests, covering transformations such as HLS to HAM, HAM to HLS, DASH to HAM, and HAM to DASH.
* Elementary Media Presentation querying functionality.
* Validation of tracks for enhanced integrity assurance.

## Usage 

Here's a sample demonstration illustrating how to utilize the features of the CMAF HAM module in TypeScript:

```typescript
import {
  hamToHls,
  hamToDash,
  hlsToHam,
  dashToHam,
  Presentation,
  getTracksFromPresentation,
  validateTracks,
} from "@svta/common-media-library";

// Validate tracks in a presentation

> const validateTracks = (presentation: Presentation) => {

Reviewer 2: Let's keep the validation outside the readme until we improve the validation flow in the PoC
